hello well my service matey's and ladies
out there how's it going Fred Whelan
also Jimmy J q g7 and welcome back to
another episode of pimp my ride on GTA 5
now today I'm going to be doing a muscle
car called the D class
Ruggiero vegara whatever you want to
call it but we are going to be taking
down a Los Santos customs we're gonna be
pimping it out today because I haven't
done a muscle car in a while and as you
can see I already just wrecked it right
off the start but who cares let's take
it in and let's pimp this car out now
obviously your parrot this is what it
looks like actually repaired it's a
pretty nice car it doesn't like look
that amazing like it isn't like one of
the supercars or anything but this thing
goes a decent speed it's a muscle car so
it's all good so let's uh armor upgrade
100% obviously because these are all
free so I'll just get all the free stuff
race brakes engine maxed now this car
will go even that much faster so right
now on the exhaust we just have the two
but we can get dual exit exhaust
actually that looks pretty cool um yeah
they kind of like split off to each side
I'll get the dual exhaust sure why not
now onto hood since it's a muscle car it
always has epic hoods so we can either
get the ram air hood which just has this
small intake get the vented hood which
that like looks really dumb just
having the one side have the vent like
I'm all about symmetry okay so I need it
to be the same carbon hood now not
feeling the carbon hood tripple intake
oh yeah always looks cool and then the
single intake I think I'm getting a
triple intake make it like a real muscle
car that looks sick now on to horn let's
listen to what horns we got
like I might would go with horn number
three today I always try to choose
different Hoenn so I'm going to go with
horn number three now xenon lights of
course they always look the most epic
and the yellow on blue no yellow on
black plate always now respraying the
primary color this is where it all comes
in now I was thinking this car would
look good in Chrome just because the
intake valve there's Chrome but I'm now
I'm not quite sure maybe I'll take it
outside just quickly to see it I need to
see the car in chrome oh yeah see that
looks sick right it's just like the
whole car is Chrome
I think I'm going to leave it as Chrome
that's how it's going to go all right
now back to roll cage definitely put in
this cool roll cage look at that orange
roll cage inside awesome
spoiler now we can either get the drag
wing which just adds a little lip onto
it or we can get the high level spoiler
which I don't know the high level
spoiler doesn't really match the rest of
the car but the drag wings the same
chrome color so I think I might just go
with the simple drag wing now suspension
we can drop this all the way the floor
sports suspension transmission we can
max out turbo tuning of course
man this cars going to be really fast as
top acceleration now now on to the
wheels this is the part where we get the
cool wheels down thinking and going with
the lowrider wheels because they're just
always cool I love the lowrider wheels
and let's see we got here money
Cash Money wheels on my wheel my
favorite wheel for the lowrider wheels
is always the flare so I think I'm gonna
go with that wheel color let's see if we
can choose a color maybe let's go with
like an orange to go with the roll cage
inside let's see if we can find an
orange haha sunrise orange or orange
sunrise orange a bit darker I almost
like it a little bit better bright
orange I don't know maybe with the
bright orange I think I might actually
go with the bright orange because it
kind of looks about the same as the roll
cage inside now I'll get bulletproof
tires custom tires because they look
super cool on lowrider stuff and we'll
get orange tire smoke to go with the
whole chrome and orange theme I got
going on now there's a wheelie bar
apparently I don't know what this looks
like look at that okay so this is the
wheelie bar and I've never seen this on
any car actually so this bar I guess it
stops you from doing wheelies I don't
know it looks really weird but I kind of
want to put it on I'm gonna put it on
just to see like what it does
that's really weird and then we'll make
the tint limo of course because limo
tints always the best all right so we
are done our d-class vegara vag arrow
whatever it's called I don't know did
some Italian name I think and look at
this car I know we leap are the back
looks really funny but I think this car
actually looks sick just look at that
the orange you can see the orange roll
bar inside with the orange tires and the
whole thing chrome this is only like the
second car ever that I've done chrome
and I think this one actually suits it
well like this like she looks really
nice of the car if I had this car online
I definitely keep it in my garage
because this actually looks sick
and look how fast I'm going this car I
just found off the street like that's
where I find some of these cars and I
just found it in like the ghetto
neighborhood near Grove Street and this
thing goes fast man look at it look at
it go it's cruising we're going down
this little road and oh my god let's go
off a jump whee
so I'm in the electrical place now so I
got to get out but thank you so much for
watching if you liked this episode of
pimp my ride remember leave a like
comment and subscribe down below for
more cars and you can also leave a
comment with the next car you want to do
I'm going to try doing a bike for my
next one or like maybe another car
I'll see what car I might have some more
cars in store for you guys so ever to
leave a like comment and subscribe down
below and you can just tell me if you
guys are enjoying these episodes and you
guys can tell me any more cars that you
would like me to do if I've not done
them already now I do have a playlist on
my channel if you missed some episodes
you can go back and check out that
playlist and see what you've missed
because I've done like 30 of these or 20
is this 28 maybe it's 28 I can't
remember
maybe it's 29 I have no clue it's don't
know which number it is but thank you so
much for watching and as always have a
good day
chrome man this car looks sick